The animation is suppose to be a snapshot of a fish tank, where a fish swims back and 
forth with bubbles coming up and a snail walking across the bottom.


Marsha Phillips worked on the fish class. The fish class is where the fish body, fins and tails 
are created. The fins and tails are subclasses. The fish class takes in an inputed 
location and size within the draw class for the fish and the subclasses then uses these
so that it updates to the fishes position. While the fins and tails rotate at a specified angle they can also 
travel with the base of the fish, they will follow the original fishes position. I had 
issues with where to draw to fins and tail and decided to add them to to the fish class
after visting office hours. Adding it to the fish class allows it to be altered in case I
want to draw more fins or tails and change the rotation of those. 

Shan Deng worked on the Bubble superclass and the GlareBubble subclass. 
The superclass holds the display() function to draw the bubble, as well as the functions 
that allow the bubble to rise and loop. Meanwhile, the GlareBubble subclass also holds 
a display() function that calls its parent class, and also displays a glare that rotates 
at an angle of -10 to 10 radians from its starting position. The biggest challenge I 
faced was getting the GlareBubble object to rotate within the Bubble superclass - I had 
initially tried to move all of my objects using changes in (x,y) location, and it wasn’t 
until visiting Logan during office hours that I had realized origin translations were 
much more effective for this assignment & for my needs.

Josh Rector added the Snail superclass and the Snail_Eyes subclass. The superclass 
contains a hierarchy of PShape objects that form the body of a snail, complete with 
shell and main body. It also controls the x-movement of the snail, creeping slowly 
towards the right side of the tank. Once the snail passes the right boundary of the 
sketch, it wraps around behind the left boundary to continue looping the animation 
across the screen. The Snail_Eyes subclass adds two eye stalks onto the head of the 
snail, formed by rectangles and ellipses that are organized into a PShape hierarchy. 
The subclass uses the inherited position of the snail to travel at the same rate, 
but adds a slow oscillation to the y-Position, created by use of a sine wave, to have 
the eyes repeatedly move up and down.
